usr/bin/discord	    net/discord
usr/share/applications/discord.desktop	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/Discord	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/chrome-sandbox	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/chrome_100_percent.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/chrome_200_percent.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/discord.desktop	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/discord.png	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/icudtl.dat	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/libEGL.so	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/libGLESv2.so	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/libffmpeg.so	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/libvk_swiftshader.so	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/postinst.sh	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/resources.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/snapshot_blob.bin	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/v8_context_snapshot.bin	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/am.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ar.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/bg.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/bn.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ca.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/cs.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/da.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/de.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/el.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/en-GB.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/en-US.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/es-419.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/es.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/et.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/fa.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/fi.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/fil.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/fr.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/gu.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/he.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/hi.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/hr.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/hu.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/id.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/it.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ja.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/kn.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ko.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/lt.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/lv.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ml.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/mr.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ms.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/nb.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/nl.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/pl.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/pt-BR.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/pt-PT.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ro.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ru.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/sk.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/sl.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/sr.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/sv.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/sw.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/ta.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/te.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/th.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/tr.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/uk.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/vi.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/zh-CN.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/locales/zh-TW.pak	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/resources/app.asar	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/resources/build_info.json	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/resources/bootstrap/manifest.json	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/swiftshader/libEGL.so	    net/discord
usr/share/discord/swiftshader/libGLESv2.so	    net/discord
usr/share/doc/discord/copyright	    net/discord
usr/share/lintian/overrides/discord	    net/discord
usr/share/pixmaps/discord.png	    net/discord
